feat(apple): Add comment about min on-prem version (#2915)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/usage.mdx

## Known Limitations

> - Since version 6.0.0 of this SDK, Sentry on-premise version >= v20.6.0 is required. If you are using sentry.io, no action is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since version 6.0.0 of this SDK, Sentry on-premises version greater than version 20.6.0 is required. If you are using sentry.io, no action is needed.
```
